README.md, before:

# WalletConnect v1.0.0-beta

## Introduction

WalletConnect is an open protocol to communicate securely between Wallets and Dapps (Web3 Apps). The protocol establishes a remote connection between two apps and/or devices using a Bridge server to relay payloads. These payloads are symmetrically encrypted through a shared key between the two peers. The connection is initiated by one peer displaying a QR Code or deep link with a standard WalletConnect URI and is established when the counter-party approves this connection request. It also includes an optional Push server to allow Native applications to notify the user of incoming payloads for establishes connections.

## Getting Started

Currently the WalletConnect protocol has references implementations written in Typescript for the Client SDK (browser/react-native), the Bridge Server and the Push server.

To quickly setup for your Dapp or Wallet, go to [Quick Start](quick-start.md) for code examples.

To read in more detail about the WalletConnect protocol, go to [Technical Specification](tech-spec.md)

Additionally you can also consult the API references for [Client SDK](bridge-sdk.md), [Bridge Server](bridge-server.md) and [Push Server](push-server.md)

## Community

Share your experience, contribute or ask questions with the WalletConnect Community

- Github: [https://github.walletconnect.org](https://github.walletconnect.org)
- Forum: [https://discuss.walletconnect.org](https://discuss.walletconnect.org)
- Discord: [https://discord.walletconnect.org](https://discord.walletconnect.org)
- Telegram: [https://telegram.walletconnect.org](https://telegram.walletconnect.org)
- Twitter: [https://twitter.walletconnect.org](https://twitter.walletconnect.org)

Commit message:

GitBook: [v1.0.0-beta] 5 pages and 4 assets modified

README.md, after:

# WalletConnect v0.7.x

## Introduction

Wallet Connect is a simple solution that enables communication between desktop Dapps and mobile Wallets using a QR Code to establish a session. It's an open protocol and does not require the User to have specific hardware or install any software. The protocol is agnostic to any mobile Wallets that wishes to support it and enables Dapp developers to integrate with several mobile Wallets through a single implementation.

## Getting Started

Currently the WalletConnect protocol has implementations in Javascript for Browser SDK, Wallet SDK, Push Notification Webhook and in Python for the Bridge Server.

To quickly setup for your Dapp or Wallet, go to [Quick Start](quick-start.md)

To read the technical specification of the WalletConnect protocol, go to [Technical Specification](tech-spec.md)

To reference all the Bridge API calls go to [Bridge API](bridge-api.md)

## Community

Share your experience, contribute or ask questions with the WalletConnect Community

* Github: [https://github.com/walletconnect](https://github.com/walletconnect)
* Telegram: [https://t.me/walletconnect](https://t.me/walletconnect)
* Forum: [https://discuss.walletconnect.org](https://discuss.walletconnect.org)
* Discord: [https://discord.walletconnect.org](https://discord.walletconnect.org)
